QUBIX HVE SQUAD WORKSHOP COMPANION

Node 24+ and npm are required.
  npm ci
  npm run dev -- --host 127.0.0.1

Production:
  npm run lint
  npm test
  npm run build
  npm run preview -- --host 127.0.0.1

This repository is the GUIDE, not the participant implementation project.
No business-case PDF, participant-generated artifacts, private correspondence,
facilitator runbook, credentials or tenant identifiers belong in this repo.

CONTENT
src/content.ts: phase kickoff requests, review checkpoints, sources and recovery.
src/state.ts: browser progress, agent selection and target personalization.
src/App.tsx: App/CLI/VS Code tabs, navigation, controls, local settings, print/export.
public/downloads/: empty participant worksheets, no completed examples.
public/hve-squad-logo.svg: official unmodified HVE Squad logo.
public/THIRD-PARTY-NOTICES.txt: logo source and license.

WORKSHOP INTERACTION
APM CLI MUST be v0.29.0, not latest, for all APM-based paths including
VS Code prompt deployment and supplemental specialist-resource installs.
Use https://github.com/microsoft/apm/releases/tag/v0.29.0 and verify
`apm --version` reports 0.29.0 in the environment that will run the commands.
Do not use unversioned latest installers or self-update for this workshop.
APM CLI v0.29.0 is separate from the HVE Squad package pin v0.16.2.
Plug-in-only users need APM only if they use the supplemental APM commands.
Before either installation method, participants create their own local Git
repository and a knowledge-docs folder at its root, then copy the privately
supplied business case into that folder. They do not copy it into this site.
The guide includes a guarded fresh-repository PowerShell example.
It ignores knowledge-docs in Git by default to avoid accidental publication;
Copilot must be allowed to read the explicitly referenced local document.
App: select the coordinator in the agent dropdown.
CLI: type /agent and select the coordinator.
For App/CLI, paste mode="autopilot" followed by the plain-language request.
VS Code: use the pinned, repository-scoped APM installation to deploy the
/squad and /squad-federation prompt files. Choose prompts, not skills.
Paste the generated slash command with mode="autopilot" and request="...".
The VS Code tab uses APM without changing the saved App/CLI install preference.

MODE RULE
Every non-setup request includes mode="autopilot", including PDF-readiness
questions and resume requests. The guide adds it to display/copy/print.
Init and promote never include autopilot. Shell commands are unchanged.
Autopilot retains scope, mandatory human approvals and final validation.
It does not authorize publication, deployments, or expanding read-only questions.
SETUP AND WORK ARE DISTINCT:
1. In Squad Coordinator, send init with planning context; confirm the
   inferred product-profile team and stop after initialization.
2. Send the separate product work request.
3. After review/publication, select Squad Federation Coordinator and send
   promote; confirm the existing planning work was preserved.
4. Send init with delivery context in the existing federation; confirm
   the new implementation-oriented team and stop after setup.
5. Send the separate implementation work request.
   Enter its registered delivery-team name in Session setup first.
   Copy stays blocked for a blank/invalid name or incomplete setup checkpoints.
   App/CLI header: mode="autopilot" squad="delivery"
   VS Code: /squad-federation mode="autopilot" squad="delivery" request="..."
   Replace delivery with the actual team name, not a profile identifier.
   The guide checks lowercase name syntax, not local federation membership.
Case-grounded requests name knowledge-docs, not a chat attachment.
Before the session, verify actual case comprehension in the chosen Copilot
client: business objective and three requirements with page/section references.
Python plus pypdf is conditional for text-based PDF extraction, not mandatory
for a client that already reads the document. Match the client's actual Python
environment. Package import alone is not a successful document-read check.
For scans or difficult layouts, use approved OCR or a facilitator-provided
plain-text copy beside the PDF in knowledge-docs. Record its source/version.
Never use an external converter or bypass document access/protection.
Implementation uses the agreed backlog to fulfill the first release. If the
release is not defined, agree a coherent prioritized slice before building.
The session can end with incomplete release items; the last 30 minutes stay
reserved for discussion.
App/CLI init and promote are messages to the selected agent, not shell commands.
VS Code uses /squad request="init..." for planning setup (the /squad prompt
has no init input), then /squad-federation promote request="..." and
/squad-federation init request="..." for federation setup. None includes mode.
The guide has three explicit, self-reported setup checkpoints. Dependent
Copy buttons stay disabled until setup is confirmed; these browser controls
do not inspect the actual project or authorize the agent.
Copied requests state business outcomes without naming internal agents,
profiles, packs, gates, state paths or execution procedures.
Expected automatic behavior is described separately in observation panels.
The squad should propose its approach and required additions itself, with
consent where required. Non-setup requests explicitly select autopilot.
Business requests do not prescribe internals. The lifecycle verbs init and
promote are intentionally explicit in the separate setup messages.
Missing behavior must be recorded, not quietly scripted into a work request.
The detailed stages are observation/review checkpoints, not separate tasks.

PUBLICATION (requires owner review; nothing is published by local build)
1. Review the full source and dist output for disclosure and correctness.
2. Resolve the workshop-readiness decisions listed below.
3. Create the intended GitHub repository with the desired owner/visibility,
   add the remote and push only after explicitly approving publication.
4. In repository Settings > Pages, choose GitHub Actions as the build source.
5. Run "Publish reviewed workshop guide" manually from Actions.
6. Use the actual deployment URL returned by the workflow.
The publishing workflow is manual-only. CI never deploys.
Relative Vite asset paths and hash navigation support repository subpaths.

READINESS DECISIONS TO RESOLVE BEFORE PARTICIPANT DISTRIBUTION
- APM CLI is fixed at v0.29.0; confirm it with apm --version.
- Final HVE Squad and paired HVE Core versions (communicated baseline 0.16.2).
- Actual Copilot App build, coordinator picker and MCP support.
- Rehearsed installed revisions of supplemental Power Platform resources.
- ADO organization/project/process, participant isolation and permissions.
- ADO repository or Wiki destination for reviewed product documents.
- Supported implementation toolchain and isolated Dataverse environment.
- Case access and permission to share any case-derived content.

The Session setup form lets participants enter the approved ADO targets
locally. It does not authenticate or communicate with Azure DevOps.
Publication requests cannot be copied before required targets are supplied.
Product planning needs no Azure DevOps details. Publication uses ordinary
project facts from Session setup. The project process is optional and can
be discovered by the squad.
Never enter credentials. Progress export includes these target settings.

No completed reference solution, seeded squad state or live work-item
publication is claimed. Recovery uses honest local planning and worksheets.

PRIVACY AND PROVENANCE
No analytics, remote fonts, case uploads or server-side storage.
Browser settings/progress use a workshop-specific localStorage key.
Public links open external references only on user navigation.
Sources are listed in Resources; guidance is paraphrased and source-linked.
MVE guidance draws on Microsoft HVE Core experiment-design (CC BY 4.0).
The teaching sequence and prompts are original workshop adaptations.
